ParseEmailFiles v2 (#16771)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_6_30.md

#### Scripts
##### New: ParseEmailFilesV2

> - The script will be in beta for 3 months And then it will replace the *ParseEmailFiles* script.
> - Parse an email from an eml or msg file and populate all relevant context data to investigate the email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Parse an email from an eml or msg file using the parse-emails XSOAR python package, and populate relevant fields and data into an XSOAR investigation. 
- The script is being released in Beta mode, after 3 months it will be GA and will officially replace the *ParseEmailFiles* script.
```
